ref(data-scrubbing): Clarify rule preference (#6206)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/data-management-settings/scrubbing/server-side-scrubbing.mdx

description: "Learn about the data scrubbing Sentry enables by default."
---

> If you cannot - or do not want to - <PlatformLink to="/data-management/sensitive-data/">scrub data within the SDK</PlatformLink>, Sentry provides a number of options to achieve this in the product itself. You'll find these settings under the **Data Scrubber** option within both your Organization and individual Project settings. If organization settings exist, those will be applied and project-level settings will be ignored; to enable a subset of projects, disable the organization-level settings and enable each project individually. By default data scrubbing is enabled, and we highly recommend you keep it that way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can't or don't want to <PlatformLink to="/data-management/sensitive-data/">scrub data within the SDK</PlatformLink>, you can choose from several data scrubbing options in the Sentry app on either an organization-wide or a project level. Data scrubbing is enabled by default and we highly recommend you keep it that way.

To set data scrubbing rules for your entire organization, go to **[Settings] > Security & Privacy,** and scroll down to the "DATA SCRUBBING" section.

To set them on a per-project basis, go to **[Settings] > Projects**, select a project, click "Security & Privacy" and scroll down to the "DATA SCRUBBING" section. If organization-wide settings exist, they’ll override any project settings, so be sure to disable them first. 

```
